Anybody pick up?
They might be talking about something
childish
If so
I'll let you give up.
Lest anyone say I'm red or something
Grandpa Lei
Did you give up?
What if it was before?
Your family deserves it too
But it's different now
My Lei family will immediately integrate into the Kunlun Iron Line
Even if he oversees the Zhao family
He doesn't care
What's more, you are a mere Qin family
Lei Shao, your status is so high
Why must I?
Is it difficult for you to find beautiful women?
What I see in you is your talent
And your business talent
My resources plus your abilities
Things will happen when we get married.
If you only had beauty
We were already talking in bed
Why do I have to explain so much to you?
But I don't want to work with you.
It seems that you don't know enough about the Kunlun lineage
The Kunlun Lineage is the foundation of Great Xia
Our Lei family and Zhao family are in front of the Kunlun Alliance Leader
It's just an ant that can be crushed to death
Hey, I don't like being in the box
Why don't you come to my room by yourself?
Or I could do it now.
Oh, it's just me.
money